Fine, Great by Modern Baseball
    "I'm guilty as charged for leading on a lie that I know is easy to see, but it's crucial to blot out any signs that I might have feelings. This way you don't ask me how am I. This way you won't force me to proceed with actually having to tell you my worries, with actually having you give a damn about me."
    "I hate worrying about the future 'cause all my fucking problems are based around the past"

Rock Bottom by Modern Baseball
    "Then, you, you ask if I gotta leave, and I wish that I could say no."
    "To hell with the spins, I'm stayin'. There's no good reason why I should leave your bed tomorrow. We can watch Planet Earth and brainstorm tattoos."
    "To hell with class, I'm skippin'. Let's order food and sleep in, I've got so much to do, but it's okay 'cause whatever, forever."

Apartment by Modern Baseball
    "I'll walk home with my eyes low. Dreaming up conversations we'll have tomorrow"
    "Your loose ends, my new friends"
    "All the classes in high school we fell asleep in, but now, I can hardly close my eyes"

The Old Gospel Choir by Modern Baseball
    "It looks like I'm way long overdue. I know what you meant when you said, "Fuck you". Breaking up never felt so cruel, and now, I'm tired, and now, I'm dead to me"
    "You weren't the only one who thought of us that way. I spend most nights awake, wide awake. I never thought that I, oh, I would see the day. Where I'd just let you go, let you walk away. Where I let you walk away"


Polar Opposites by Modest Mouse - depression and drowning sorrow

On Your Own by Vacations - Others growing up and not even knowing them anymore

104 Degrees by Slaugher Beach, Dog
    "Dull domestication, free from pressure to pursue. Another love, another touch, another tired conversation."

A Praise Chorus by Jimmy Eat World, Davey Vonbohlen
    "Are you going to live your life wondering
    Standing in the back, looking around?
    Are you going to waste your time thinking
    How you've grown up or how you missed out?
    Th-th-th-th-things are never going to be the way you want
    Where's it going to get you acting serious?
    Th-th-th-th-things are never going to be quite what you want
    Even at 25, you got to start sometime"

    "Are you going to live your life standing in the back looking around?
    Are you going to waste your time?
    Got to make a move or you'll miss out
    So-so-so-so-someone's going to ask you what it's all about
    Stick around, nostalgia won't let you down
    So-so-so-so-someone's going to ask you what it's all about
    What you going to have to say for yourself?"

Float On by Modest Mouse
    "And we'll all float on, okay."

Thinning by Snail Mail
    "I wanna spend the entire year
Just face down
And on my own time
I wanna waste mine
And spend the rest of it asking myself
"Is this who you are?"
And I don't know
It just feels gross"


Lover's Rock by TV Girl
    But just for the night
    And if she grabs for your hand
    And drags you along
    She might want a kiss
    Before the end of the song
    Because love can burn like a cigarette
    And leave you alone with nothing

Angelina by Pinegrove
    
