It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk
The things you own end up owning you. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk
Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk
This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk
Warning: If you are reading this then this warning is for you. Every word you read of this useless fine print is another second off your life. Don't you have other things to do? Is your life so empty that you honestly can't think of a better way to spend these moments? Or are you so impressed with authority that you give respect and credence to all that claim it? Do you read everything you're supposed to read? Do you think every thing you're supposed to think? Buy what you're told to want? Get out of your apartment. Meet a member of the opposite sex. Stop the excessive shopping and masturbation. Quit your job. Start a fight. Prove you're alive. If you don't claim your humanity you will become a statistic. You have been warned. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk
No fear, no distractions. The ability to let that which does not matter truly slide. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk
You wanna make an omelette, you gotta break some eggs. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk
You are not your job, you're not how much money you have in the bank. You are not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet. You are not your fucking khakis. You are all singing, all dancing crap of the world. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk
Without pain, without sacrifice, we would have nothing. -Tyler Durden/Brad Pitt/Chuck Palahniuk

We overestimate what we can acheive in a day, but we underestimate what we can acheive in a year.
A blade does not become strong until it has gone through the fire
You only get stronger by hiking uphill. Nobody gets stronger by hiking downhill.